and the BAFTA is awarded to Sam Mindy's
for 1970
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you very much thank you very very
much faster in the midst of all this
hoopla and stuff it's sometimes easy to
forget the actual experience of shooting
a movie and I had a kind of directors
paradise in this film that I think I
will never ever have again so I want to
say a real thank you to the people who
actually helped me make this film -
three amazing producers Jane integrin
and kanima Dougal and my dear friend who
I've known since I was 14 years old
Pippa Harris the best producers really
the best the most supportive - an
incredible cast - George McKay who was
extraordinary in this film and Dean
Charles Chapman and - to be the
classiest bunch of day players a
director could ever have Andrew Scott
Colin Firth Benedict Cumberbatch mark
Strong Richard Madden incredible cast
thank you thank you - the most
extraordinary crew and especially to
four people my production designer and
friend Dennis Gassner to the brilliant
Tom Newman for his music to the
extraordinary unsung hero of this movie
who was Lee Smith the editor and
especially to Roger Deakins the master
himself thank you
and yes it's a war movie that we made
but it's also a movie about home and
about family so it's moving to me to get
this in my hometown for the first time
and to be able to say thank you to my
beautiful family to say thank you to my
children Joe and Phoebe and the
splendidly attired Charlie who is
sitting with us tonight and of course
especially to my inspiration my
beautiful wife Allie this is for you
thank you very much indeed
[Music]
you